OpsCenter 6.8.42 Release (#186)
datastax/release-notes: OpsCenter_6.8_Release_Notes.md

# Release notes for OpsCenter

# Release Notes for OpsCenter 6.8.42
31 January 2025

## Backup Service
* Added support for picking individual tables when creating a backup. (OPSC-17084)

> * Updated aws sdk version. Aws cli will now be used for bucket validation if `use_s3_cli` is true. This resolves issues when using some generic S3 providers such as Cloudian. (OPSC-17639)

Reviewer: A friendly suggestion -- minor nit with capitalisation of proper nouns for consistency. For example, "Azure SDK" was previously referenced.

```suggestion
* Updated AWS SDK version. AWS CLI will now be used for bucket validation if `use_s3_cli` is true. This resolves issues when using some generic S3 providers such as Cloudian. (OPSC-17639)
```

Reviewer 2: @ErickRamirezDS's comments are good. I've added some additional suggestions below from the docs perspective, and included the AWS SDK version number from the pull request. Feel free to make changes as needed.

> * Updated aws sdk version. Aws cli will now be used for bucket validation if `use_s3_cli` is true. This resolves issues when using some generic S3 providers such as Cloudian. (OPSC-17639)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Updated the AWS SDK version. To use AWS CLI for bucket validation, set the `use_s3_cli` option to `true`. This option resolves issues when using some generic S3 providers, such as Cloudian. (OPSC-17639)
```

## Core

> * Upgraded Apache Directory LDAP API to version `1.0.3` and Apache MINA to version `2.0.27` to address potential security vulnerability. (OPSC-17655)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Upgraded Apache Directory LDAP API to version `1.0.3` and Apache MINA to version `2.0.27` to address a potential security vulnerability. (OPSC-17655)
```
